Make `RAPIDS.cmake` inlineable without requiring updates (#822)
rapidsai/rapids-cmake: README.md

  #
  set(rapids-cmake-fetch-via-git "ON")

  include(${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/RAPIDS.cmake)
```

A few notes:

- An explicitly defined ``rapids-cmake-url`` will always be used
- `rapids-cmake-sha` takes precedence over `rapids-cmake-tag`
- `rapids-cmake-tag` takes precedence over `rapids-cmake-branch`
- It is required to always set `rapids-cmake-version` to the version expected by the repo your modifications will pull

> - `RAPIDS.cmake` should be placed in the repo next to the above file

Reviewer: I'm having trouble parsing these sentences. Can we rephrase?

Author: Sure, please suggest a rephrasing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The CMake variable `rapids-cmake-version` must be set to a rapids-cmake version, formatted as `MAJOR.MINOR`
- `RAPIDS.cmake` should be copied in and placed next to the above file
```
